[ADD] eCommerce: shipping page (#3229)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/checkout_payment_shipping/shipping.rst

========
Shipping
========

Depending on your shipping strategy, you have the choice to either use your own shipping methods, or

> use an integration with an existing shipping provider.

Author: Good idea

Own shipping methods
====================

You can create your own custom shipping methods and define rules to compute shipping costs. To do
so, go to :menuselection:`Website app --> Configuration --> Shipping Methods`, and either select an
**existing** shipping method, or :guilabel:`Create` one.

You can choose between :guilabel:`Fixed Price`, :guilabel:`Based on Rules`, and :guilabel:`Pickup in
store`. :guilabel:`Pickup in store` must first be **enabled** in the settings
(:menuselection:`Website app --> Configuration --> Settings --> Shipping section)` by checking
:guilabel:`On Site Payments & Picking`. Once enabled, you can select and :guilabel:`Customize Pickup
Sites`. The :guilabel:`Picking sites` are **website-specific**, although the same :guilabel:`picking

> site` can be enabled for **multiple** websites.

Author: Added :ref: for the first two options (since they are explained in the ref'd doc), and added an H3 for in-store pickup

========

> Shipping

Reviewer: "Shipping methods" maybe?

========

Depending on your shipping strategy, you have the choice to either use your :ref:`own shipping
methods <ecommerce-own-shipping>`, or use an integration with an :ref:`existing shipping provider
<ecommerce-shipping-providers>`.

Own shipping methods
====================

> .. _ecommerce-own-shipping:

Reviewer: put the anchors before the headings, not after. Same below.

You can create your own custom shipping methods and define rules to compute shipping costs. To do
so, go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Shipping Methods`, and either select an
**existing** shipping method, or :guilabel:`Create` one. When creating a shipping method, you can
choose between
:doc:`Fixed Price </applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/setup/delivery_method>`,
:doc:`Based on Rules </applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/setup/delivery_method>`,
and :guilabel:`Pickup in store`.

Pickup in store

> ---------------

Reviewer: Do you explain this here only because it's missing from the other page (which seems quite deprecated)?

If it's specific to eCommerce, then it's fine like this. If not, I advise you either add the missing info to the other inventory page, even if the other page is deprecated, or contact the content responsible of this other page to see what can be done.

Author: This is website-specific (This only talks about how to enable it within and configure the basics through the eCommerce app), it doesn't go into any details about configuration of "On Site Pick-up" nor its settings.

:guilabel:`Pickup in store` must first be **enabled** in the settings (:menuselection:`Website -->
Configuration --> Settings --> Shipping section)` by checking :guilabel:`On Site Payments &
Picking`. Once enabled, you can select and :guilabel:`Customize Pickup Sites`. The
:guilabel:`Picking sites` are **website-specific**, although the same :guilabel:`picking site` can

> be enabled for **multiple** websites.

Reviewer: Actually, they _can_ be website-specific but they don't have to be.

I guess that explaining that shipping methods can be (multi-)website-specific is the important piece of info here, especially if you move the "pickup in store" part to its inventory page where it belongs. But then you already have a dedicated section for this.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/setup/delivery_method`
   - :doc:`/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/operation/invoicing`
   - :doc:`/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/operation/multipack`
   - :doc:`/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/operation/cancel`

Shipping providers
==================

.. _ecommerce-shipping-providers:

> Another solution is to use one of the integration with an existing shipping provider. The advantage
> of using an integration is that delivery cost are automatically computed based on each order as well
> as generating shipping labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another solution is to use one of the integrations with an existing shipping provider. The advantage
of using an integration is that delivery costs are automatically computed based on each order as well
as generating shipping labels.
```
